>> Brian Holt: So
we just did the sentence here.
Hello plus first name, plus last name.
This is quite burdensome,
right to actually have to go and
concatenate all the spaces together.
It'd be better if there was
a better way to do this, right?
There is, there's a better way to do this.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So,
thanks to recent revisions in JavaScript.
There's now an easier way to do this, and
it's with those backticks
I was talking about.
So make sure everyone
can find the backtick.
Again, if you're on an American keyboard,
that is to the left of the one.
Not the tilde, right, that's what
happens when you hit shift that.
It's just that without shift,
you get little backticks here, right.
Now I can say hello.
And then there's this curious thing you
can do with dollar sign, curly brace.
So curly braces are there
next above the square braces,
you have to hit Shift
one which is next to p.
Again, on the American keyboard,
and now I can put hello first name.
>> Brian Holt: So, we'll just
start with that for just now and
then we'll get to the other part of it.
>> Brian Holt: So let's talk about this
for a second, dollar sign curly brace, and
then inside of there,
this can be bits of JavaScript, right?
So whatever the value of this inside of
here is going to be outputted into that
string, right.
So if I say this refresh,
now it says hello Brian.
So this is just an easier way for
us to make these big strings out of
other strings work a little bit easier,
right, rather than having to do plus this,
plus space, plus that, right.
You can just do the dollar
sign curly brace.
And they're just relying on that being so
unique that you would never accidentally
put that into your strings, right?
Even if you do, you can actually
do a backslash right there and
then it'll just,
>> Brian Holt: Right now if I
go in here those say,
hello first name, literally, right?
>> Brian Holt: So, now I can put a space
in here, dollar sign curly brace last
name,
>> Brian Holt: How are you?
Let's make this a little
bit bigger over here.
So you can see here the, it's almost
more like writing normal English.
And here, again you can see
hello Brian Holt, how are you?
And this is nice cuz I
can come up here and say,
like I can put my wife's name in there,
Niki Holt.
It says, hello Niki Holt, how are you?
She'll be mortified to know
that I was talking about her.
No one tell her, please.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Questions about that?
So these are called template strings,
and they're pretty new, from 2015 which
is relatively new for JavaScript,
which is a 25 year old language.
So, I use them all the time,
they're quite convenient, any questions?
>> Speaker 3: In this case,
where does this space come from?
>> Brian Holt: So the space between
Niki Holt, is that what you're asking?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Good question.
Notice here that I literally
just put a space here.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, so that's working?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so if I delete that,
notice that NikiHolt becomes one word.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Speaker 4: And then I'm just wondering
how often new identifiers are added,
like the dollar sign to JavaScript?
Is it updated regularly?
How often do you have to go and
learn these new tags and stuff?
>> Brian Holt: We're talking in
too much of a history lesson,
it used to happen very infrequently,
and now it happens every year.
>> Speaker 4: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So, there is a new revision
of JavaScript every year that has,
I'm gonna say one to ten features in it.
So, ES2015 or
ES6 as it was previously called,
which came out in 2015,
had a lot of stuff in it.
And now we get two or
three features a year.
So, this was obviously possible before,
doing the old way that I showed you,
right?
This just makes it a ton easier to do it.
Very infrequently do we get new paradigms.
The only one I can really think of
that was totally new was generators.
Everything else has been which we're
not talking about generators today.
That's above my pay grade.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 4: Yes, I do.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, anyone else?
Good questions, yeah.
>> Speaker 5: So for part of the sentence
I put I am, and then dollar sign without
a space, and bracket and
then my age is one of the variables I did,
and it does have a space between the M and
my age.
So, does the dollar sign, etc,
automatically put in the space?
>> Brian Holt: Did you put
a space between the two things?
>> Speaker 5: No, so if you put some
text in between, those two, yeah, that.
Is there any space that gets?
>> Brian Holt: Notice that it's
all shoved together there.
>> Brian Holt: It's not going to
automatically insert anything for you.
It's gonna do exactly
what you tell it to do.
One more thing about template strings.
So if I wanna put a hard return in here.
So if I hit enter a couple times, this
is actually valid with templet strings.
So now if I save this and run it again,
notice that there's
a lot of space in here.
You can't do this with single quotes or
double quotes.
So if I change this from a backtick to a,
>> Brian Holt: This
is not valid because it doesn't
know what to do about that.
So, with backticks,
you can also put hard returns in there.
>> Brian Holt: Great,